Add consensus cell type figure legends (#152)
AlexsLemonade/ScPCA-manuscript: content/100.figure-table-legends.md

Heatmap cells are colored by the Jaccard similarity index.
A value of 1 means that there is complete overlap between which cells are annotated with the two labels being compared, and a value of 0 means that there is no overlap between which cells are annotated with the two labels being compared.
The heatmap shown is from library `SCPCL000498` [@doi:10.1016/j.devcel.2022.04.003].
<br><br>

<!-- Figure 5 -->
![**Consensus cell type annotations in Brain and CNS tumors.**](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AlexsLemonade/scpca-paper-figures/main/figures/compiled_figures/pngs/figure_5.png?sanitize=true){#fig:fig5 tag="5" width="7in"}

> A. Dot plot of marker gene expression across broad consensus cell type annotation groups, specifically considering cells across libraries of brain and central nervous system (CNS) tumors.

Author: I think this is definitely closer than what I had, but I'd like to give this one more good with fresh morning writing eyes!

In each panel, the total number of cells in each cell type annotation group across libraries considered is shown in parentheses along the y-axis.

> The x-axis displays marker genes for each cell type annotation group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The x-axis displays marker genes for each cell type annotation group. 
The top annotation bar indicates which cell type expresses the given marker gene, as determined by CellMarker2.0. 
```
Just adding a little more information about the marker genes here.

Dots are colored by mean gene expression across libraries and sized proportionally to the percent of libraries they are observed in.

B. Barplot showing the percentage of each broad consensus cell type annotation across libraries of brain and CNS tumors, separated into high-grade (left panel) and low-grade (right panel) glioma diagnoses.

> C. Barplot showing the percentages of different consensus cell type immune cells across libraries of brain and CNS tumors, separated into high-grade (left panel) and low-grade (right panel) glioma diagnoses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
C. Barplot showing all consensus cell types classified as immune cells across libraries of brain and CNS tumors, separated into high-grade (left panel) and low-grade (right panel) glioma diagnoses.
The percentage shown corresponds to the percentage of immune cells classified as the indicated consensus cell type.
```
Just being a little bit more specific about how percentages are determined. Maybe this helps?

The heatmap shown is from library `SCPCL000498` [@doi:10.1016/j.devcel.2022.04.003].
<br><br>

<!-- Figure 5 -->
![**Consensus cell type annotations in Brain and CNS tumors.**](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AlexsLemonade/scpca-paper-figures/main/figures/compiled_figures/pngs/figure_5.png?sanitize=true){#fig:fig5 tag="5" width="7in"}

A. Dot plot showing expression of cell-type-specific marker genes across all libraries from brain and central nervous system (CNS) tumors.

> Expression is shown for each broad consensus cell type annotation.

Reviewer: I like this phrasing much better!

> A. Dot plot showing expression of cell-type-specific marker genes across all libraries from brain and central nervous system (CNS) tumors.
> Expression is shown for each broad consensus cell type annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A. Dot plot showing expression of cell-type-specific marker genes across all libraries from brain and central nervous system (CNS) tumors.
Expression is shown for each broad cell type annotation, where each broad cell type annotation is a collection of similar consensus cell type annotations. 
```
Okay maybe just one more small change.

> The y-axis displays the consensus cell type observed across libraries, with the total number of cells indicated in parentheses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The y-axis displays the broad consensus cell type observed across libraries, with the total number of cells indicated in parentheses.
```

> The x-axis displays marker genes, determined by `CellMarker2.0` [@doi:10.1093/nar/gkac947], used for consensus cell type validation for each cell types shown along the top annotation bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The x-axis displays marker genes, determined by `CellMarker2.0` [@doi:10.1093/nar/gkac947], used for consensus cell type validation for each cell type shown along the top annotation bar.
```

> Dots are colored by mean gene expression across libraries and sized proportionally to the percent of libraries they are observed in, out of all cells in brain and CNS tumor libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dots are colored by mean gene expression across libraries and sized proportionally to the percent of libraries they are observed in, out of all cells with the same broad cell type annotation in brain and CNS tumor libraries.
```
Just to be clear its not proportional to all cells, just cells with the same cell type.

This heatmap is only shown in the cell type summary report if submitters provided cell type annotations.
Heatmap cells are colored by the Jaccard similarity index.
A value of 1 means that there is complete overlap between which cells are annotated with the two labels being compared, and a value of 0 means that there is no overlap between which cells are annotated with the two labels being compared.

<!-- Figure S6 -->
![**Consensus cell type annotation gene expression in other diagnosis groups.**](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AlexsLemonade/scpca-paper-figures/main/figures/compiled_figures/pngs/figure_s6.png?sanitize=true){#fig:figS6 tag="S6" width="9in"}

> Panels A-C show dot plots of marker gene expression across broad consensus cell type annotation groups, specifically considering cells across ScPCA diagnosis groups Leukemia (A), Sarcoma (B) and Other solid tumors (C).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dot plots showing expression of cell-type-specific marker genes across all libraries obtained from  Leukemia (A), Sarcoma (B), and Other solid tumors (C) for each broad consensus cell type annotation. 
```

In each panel, the total number of cells in each cell type annotation group across samples is shown in parentheses along the y-axis.
The x-axis displays marker genes for each cell type annotation group.

> Dots are colored by mean gene expression across all ScPCA libraries and sized proportionally to the percent of libraries they are observed in.

Reviewer: Just noting whatever change we make for 5A in describing marker genes should be repeated here.

This heatmap is only shown in the cell type summary report if submitters provided cell type annotations.
Heatmap cells are colored by the Jaccard similarity index.
A value of 1 means that there is complete overlap between which cells are annotated with the two labels being compared, and a value of 0 means that there is no overlap between which cells are annotated with the two labels being compared.

<!-- Figure S6 -->
![**Consensus cell type annotation gene expression in other diagnosis groups.**](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AlexsLemonade/scpca-paper-figures/main/figures/compiled_figures/pngs/figure_s6.png?sanitize=true){#fig:figS6 tag="S6" width="9in"}

Dot plots showing expression of cell-type-specific marker genes across all libraries from Leukemia (A), Sarcoma (B), and Other solid tumors (C).

> Expression is shown for each broad consensus cell type annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expression is shown for each broad cell type annotation, where each broad cell type annotation is a collection of similar consensus cell type annotations.
```

> The y-axis displays the consensus cell type observed across libraries, with the total number of cells indicated in parentheses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The y-axis displays the broad consensus cell type observed across libraries, with the total number of cells indicated in parentheses.
```

> The x-axis displays marker genes, determined by `CellMarker2.0` [@doi:10.1093/nar/gkac947], used for consensus cell type validation for each cell types shown along the top annotation bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The x-axis displays marker genes, determined by `CellMarker2.0` [@doi:10.1093/nar/gkac947], used for consensus cell type validation for each cell type shown along the top annotation bar.
```

> Dots are colored by mean gene expression across libraries and sized proportionally to the percent of libraries they are observed in, out of all cells in the given diagnosis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dots are colored by mean gene expression across libraries and sized proportionally to the percent of libraries they are observed in, out of all cells with the same broad cell type annotation in the given diagnosis.
```
